Test Vale PR (#3)
frankharkins/qiskit-ibm-runtime: docs/how_to/noisy_simulators.rst

Noisy simulators in Qiskit Runtime
==================================

> This notebook shows how to setup ``ibmq_qasm_simulator`` and map a basic noise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook shows how to set up ``ibmq_qasm_simulator`` and map a basic noise
```
